DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 will showing slides, scrolling them for everybody user session meeting.
  presentation is extension of demo ran for project project officer end of June.
 -PERSON6 is trying to convince people to come to meeting of user, advisory board of project.
  If do not like presentation , will cut of recording.
 -PERSON1 is working on machine translation project in domain of order.
  collect data from website , ORGANIZATION7, Organizedation2.
  have large multilingual parallel corpus is suitable for training system.
  also working on project PERSON1 has collecting, annotating data from meetings as well as from EU projects.
  She has 92 hours worth of audio recordings in English, 50 hours in Czech.
  She is working on corpus of speeches transcripts translations, interpretations from ORGANIZATION PERSON8 presents two sequent to sequent models.
  run on telephone with 2000 hours of training data, is on text.
  One of them problems with low latencies.
  work package is on spoken language translation.
 -PERSON7 is working on online spoken translation project.
  explains to improve performance of system.
 -PERSON7 explains to PERSON6, PERSON14 system works.
  discuss end to end SLT, to improve coupling between ASR, MT.
 -PERSON14 explains to PERSON6, PERSON5 to deal with new things present tense.
 -PERSON5 presents work package on machine translation.
  main focus is on multi target machine translation, multi source translation.
  Next slide is recent work from colleagues from ORGANIZATION8.
 -PERSON11 explains overview of minuting module.
  module is based on dialogue transcript, MT agenda.
  task is to summarize minute , entire minute of meeting , dialogues with including remarks , agenda with topics, conclusion PERSON11, PERSON6 working on speech recognition project.
  project mainly focuses on two different use cases : Face to face conferencing, workshop style discussedions, remote meetings.
  PROJECT2 project started in January 2019, has already done many events since.
  Organizing9 developed presentation layer integrated with ORGANIZATION9 service architecture.
  Organization12 developed online text flow of application.
  Organization8 managed two dry run events in LOCATION2 last presentation is on work package has added on request by Organizing Committee.
  goal is to set procedures for recording, handling data for minuting use case.
  collecting consents from human participants , specifying procedure for collecting cons participants of PROJECT2 project have to agree contribution to meeting can used for purpose.
  participants also have to give consent to release of personal data.
  aim is to make meeting recordings as anonymous as possible , GDPR sensitive information will appear in them.
  deidentification pipeline would involve voice , anonymization, replacing personal data with placeholders , it is not possible in practice.
  project is presentation of ORGANIZATION9 platform is taking place.
 -PERSON6 is two minutes ahead of time.
 -PERSON3 briefly presenting integration work package.
  According to PROJECT2 presentation platform , when subtitles produced , connected to main streaming machine from main source.
  optimal screen size is one.
  If font size does not fit well on screen , need to reduce font PERSON6 explains to watch video in Chrome.
  user interface is full screen, shows three videos : German short speech , English Romania, German, Czech subtitles , video of three minutes of German lecture.
 -PERSON6, PERSON13 showing demos.
  first video is German lecture in domain of ORGANIZATION7.
  word error rate is twelve points.
 -PERSON6 explains user interface for PROJECT2 demo.
 -PERSON6, PERSON13 showing presentation in English, Czech.
  presentation is meant for live events , sound is coming from another stream.
 -PERSON13 can switch on subtitling of call it'self.
 -PERSON6 wants to show last video demo.
  last broadcasted lecture.
  word error rate 32 points.
  translation into German thirteen points.
 -PERSON13 is impressed with work of PROJECT2.
  does not speak understand languages English.
  asks questions collection of test sets, organized.
 -PERSON6 is working on project to develop speech recognition system.
  project proposal excluded speech output from data set.
 -PERSON6, PERSON9 talking speech to speech translation.
  going to talk it for one year, half.
 -PERSON6 is happy to use recordings of meetings, provide summarization with with people.
  also happy to create minutes for meetings afterwards.
  There two main issues concerning collection, handling of data : GDPR, speech recognition PERSON9, PERSON6 discuss issues related to speech translation.
  project is reviewed in two weeks.


Minuted by: Team ABC