DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON17 will share with Organization 7 agenda.
  Organization 7 needs to provide Organization 2 with technical description of technical set, graphical map.
  Organization 2 is already preparations for May , 2020.
  Organization 4, Organization 3 need to confirm will provide PERSON17 is preparing workshop for May 2020.
  want to prepare detailed schedule of workshop till end of week.
  need to do official call for tendors, soon get detail better.
 -PERSON3 will come for Fair in PERSON17 wants to know technical differences between ORGANIZATION3 platform as he saw it when he in Organization 3, ORIZATION4 platform , will used for of events of PROJECT1 project.
 -PERSON15 confirms EPI as one used in PROJECT2 project.
  will connect machine translation with sample connector, will also work on ASR, Kaldi models.
  want to have system running in, operational for March PERSON17 wants to set physical set of ASR, recording of participants ' speech, have access to recording can do transcription.
 -PERSON15 thinks it would difficult to get full system running in LOCATION1.
 -PERSON15, PERSON17 trying to set full test for March event.
  need to connect hard running Organizedation4 to ORGANIZATION4 mediator, set everything around it.
 -PERSON17, PERSON8 will connect website to mediator ORGANIZATION4, will test whether current version of mediator is compatible with connectors as Person8 said.
  Organization 3 will connect tools including web presentation to mediator, let Organization PERSON17 will hand presentation to PERSON15 for details platform want to share with us.
 -PERSON15 is senior software developer in ORGANIZATION4.
  client sends data to service architecture.
  Workers register to service architecture with one multiple services able to handle.
  Each worker accepts one incoming request per connection.
  According to PERSON15 , fingerprints used to specify exact language, general media.
  Audio , image , text, unsegtext supported type streams.
  mediator needs to find one of several workers can convert audio containing OTHER1 OTHER3 speech into OTHER3 unse PERSON17 wants to know operation of batch audio file processing.
 -PERSON15 explains operation is for batch processing, for online processing.
 -PERSON17 wants to know practical limits of batc batch processing.
 -PERSON15 explains to PERSON15 client, worker establish initial handshake.
  According to documentation , client can request multiple different input streams for one stream.
  worker needs to register to mediator providing information serverm providing.
  A worker can offer one service time per connection.
  M cloud create is as function will After M cloud create , it connects to mediator is running on specific host, port in example mediator dot ORGANIZATION4 dot IT.
  When connection is established , client can announce output stream.
  If client In order to process new media stream, service request , connect needs to established , is client flow.
  In case of error , ehm error callback is used.
  If clientes request input stream , resection of packet is done PERSON15 explains program flow of worker.
  API provides GetAttr, SetAttr for convenience functions.
  API also provides ehm for preparing packets for sending ehm preparem packet to send based on data type.
  Time stamps in packet header, PERSON15, PERSON17 going implementation of ASR.
  machine translation service implementation is put in to data callback.
  prepares data structure, adds it to processing queue.
  In Github repo , have seen worker.
  worker waits for incoming data.
  sends data to workers.
 -PERSON15 explains to PERSON17 handshake works.
 -PERSON17 needs to prepare description of cables, on for ORGANIZATION2 events will held by end of week.
  She needs to do it in three days from.
  She also needs OTHER3 ASR, OTHER3 OTHER4 PERSON17 is concerned quality of audio recording is required for fair.
 -PERSON15 informs it is not on schedule.
 -PERSON17 needs to talk to PERSON14 to find if have capacity to prepare recording properly.
  At fair , people will present countries in 90 seconds in OTHER3 by nonnative speaker.
  will record speeches, send them to backstage to have voices recorded.
  Then will write transcript, use standard ASR measures to measure quality of transcript PERSON17 wants to record data in ORGANIZATION6 platform as soon as possible.
  recording capacity of organiser is scheduled for March , almost coincides with fairm recording capacity.
 -PERSON17, PERSON18 want to start recording meetings.
  have different streams for participant.
  need to know sequence as it recorded by participants, global time stamps.
 -PERSON18 wants to record continuous by recording over whole meeting.
  If someone is not speaking , have data to write in file , need script of file carries time stamps.
  If go platform , mixing of channels service architecture platform does not manage audio channels.
  in charge to worker, client to manage audio streams.
  mediator is mediator, in charge tom manage interaction between client, workers.
 -PERSON11 explains to PERSON17 set of ORGANIZATION6 platform works.
 -PERSON11 , PERSON17, PERSON18 discussing design of platform.
  platform supports one session per channel.
  There time stamps required to synchronize different sessions as well as to record them.
  Organization 6 will discuss issue with PERSON15.
 -PERSON15 will upload slides in ORGANIZATION4 platform sample co sample connector repo.
 -PERSON15 wants to develop machine translation system can translate from one language into six languages time.
  wants to know to connect system to platform, to test it.
 -PERSON17 wants to know default mode for client.
  Organization 7 will probably use online mode , whereas Organization 6 will probably use batch mode.
  Organization 15 shows Organization 17 to prepare client , to work in real time, to emulate real time streaming PERSON15, PERSON17 discuss ASR, machine translation system.
 -PERSON15 will try to record session.


Minuted by: Team ABC