DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON4 and PERSON7 can't help with work package leadership, because they are busy.
  They would like to do more on ASR, MT and SLT, but they are limited on the other 3 tasks.
  They could also lead the last 1 minute of the minuting.
 -PERSON8, PERSON7, PERSON5, PERSON1, PERSON12, PERSON4 and ORGANIZATION14 are not going to join the call today.
  The GoToMeeting is being recorded for the recordings.
  Organization 14 will be a partner in the project, but their PERSON8 is responsible for the multilingual MT and management and for minuting of work packages.
 -PERSON10 thinks it would be better for ORGANIZATION13 to keep the minuting part of the data work package.
 -PERSON8 will check the involvement and planned involvement of ORGANIZATION12 in the work package 6.
  Everyone will check a document and provide input to, to PERSON12, who will have the draft ready tomorrow.
  They want everyone to contribute to task 6.
  S, for task 6, she proposed the integration with the unified communication platform.
  A, for the live meetings, that's something that, PERSON12 put now into the last task, which is, the ORGANIZATION14 PERSON8, Organization 6, Organization 11 and Organization 13 will have a short meeting tomorrow to discussed the development of the minuting and the integration of the platform.
  According to PERSON8, there should be fewer deliverables.
  There should be a Milestone, a deliverable, a software and a report.
  There will be a task, the task which is now 6.
  There would be for all the partners to attend the conference, the PERSON8 wants a deliverable associated with the ORGANIZATION3 Congress.
  The deliverable should describe what has been done and should have a form of a journal paper.
  There will be a final version of the deliverable towards the end of the project.
 -PERSON8 wants the organization to prepare reports of deliverable after the ORGANIZATION3, Conference.
  Organization 4 should merge this document over the weekend.
  Organization 10 is undecided about the project name.
  According to PERSON8, PROJECT2 has a nicer content, spelledout version than Project1.
  According to PERSON15, every work package leader should present their work package.
  Organization 14 was supposed to be led by ORGANIZATION14, but this is changing.
  The ASR and MT contribute to SLT, ASR to minuting and data, and the work package on integration gets all the results from the research work packages.
  There is no machine translation service planned in the project, but there is research PERSON8 has created tasks for data for speaker and accent adaptation.
  The main partner for this task is Organizing12.
 -PERSON8 has added some lines for OTHER7 and some for OTHER5, but forgot to include the OTHER5 for the purpose of sitting at the conference.
 -PERSON12 is also asking Organization 12 to add some lines.
  Organization 5 and Organization 12 need to consider how many hours they need PERSON8, Organization 5 and Organization 12 will do the recording.
  Organization 13 will add the total number of personmonths per partner to the data work package.
  Organization 10 thinks it's easier to have it as personal upfront, because they can handle the number of annotators and large numbers PERSON8 will create a summary table that assembles the subcontractings.
  If the organization wants to do some data gathering outside of LOCATION1, they will have to do it through subcontracting.
 -PERSON8 and PERSON13 will hire a speaker for ASR.
  There are two tasks: calling external resources for machine translation and spoken language translation and polishing, work for, the MT part.
  There is some work for minuting data.
  They want to collect both the training and the test data set for the purposes of minuting.
  The deliverables here are PERSON8 presents the training data for the project.
  There will be 3 test sets, one at the end of month 10, then month 20 and month 30.
  The corpus of the minutes is a deliverable directly related to task 1.
  The data will be released in public form, PERSON4 is responsible for ASR.
  The main tasks for the ASR are improving the robust acoustic modeling, the language model adaptation, lifelong learning during deployment and getting used to the speakers and getting better.
  The deliverables are missing from the summary.
 -PERSON8, PERSON4, and PERSON10 will present work package 3, which deals with spoken language translation.
  The first one will have transcript normalization and later, they will try to add, also endtoend speech and text translation systems.
  There will be a report at the end of the project.
 -PERSON8 would like to make two prototypes.
  The first prototype could be all languages, but the second one could be only some of them.
  The organization promised to deliver the covered languages.
  The second prototype will be mainly probes of languages.
 -PERSON8 wants to know what languages Organization 6 would like to focus on for business reasons.
 -PERSON3 is happy with all languages that PERSON8 has already mentioned.
  They want to remove OTHER6 from the list.
  The work package on multilingual machine translation is about supporting the project with the machine translation service and doing the research in machine translation.
 -PERSON8, Organization 12, Organization 5, Organization 4 and Organization 8 worked on a project to train domaindependent separate systems.
 -PERSON 8 wants Organization 12 and Organization 5 to improve the task description.
 -PERSON8 wants Organization 11 to deliver the MT to Organization 11 for the conference, for the dryrun event and for the research afterwards.
  Organization 11 should cover all target languages at minimum level.
  Organization11 should also cover document level translation.
  The task Multitarget is the one that runs through all the 3 years.
  The 2nd year of the research is focused on the multisource.
  The 3rd year is on flexible multilingual machine translation.
 -PERSON8 explains the difference between a multisource and a flexible multilingual machine translation.
  There should be 1 deliverable on the baseline MT models and there should be yearly reports.
  The task on minuting is something that PERSON9 did partly with his colleague PERSON9.
 -PERSON3 PERSON8 will merge the proposal during the weekend.
  She will ask ORGANIZATION12 and/or Organization 5 to review it.
 -PERSON8 will write the sections on handling humans and minuting tools.
 -PERSON4 will try to do it over the weekend or on Monday.
 -PERSON22 will write ORGANIZATION12 remember, PERSON7, that you need to write your sections as well.
  They want Organization 6 to draw up a work package for promoting the project and the research results.
  Organization 6 should also draw up tasks for managing social media and local press releases.
  Organization 7 should provide details about the marketing budget.
  In one of the projects, 10,000 Euros were spent on promotion video.
 -PERSON8 has written an email about it, but forgot to send it to Organization2.
  Organization2 needs to prepare a list of todo lists.
  Organization12, PERSON11 and PERSON20 are leaving, PERSON8 and Organization 6 are meeting to discussed the dissemination work package.
  They will work on the Live minutes platform.
 -PERSON8 wants to develop a live document as an extension to the ORGANIZATION6 platform.
 -PERSON22, PERSON8 and PERSON3 worked on a project that will last for 3 years.
  They need a coediting tool for the project, but it's not within the scope of this project.
  They and PERSON22 will develop a C++ application.
 -PERSON8 wants PERSON22 to add the links to the potential, s tools to the proposal.
  The task should be a planned activity that should run for the 2 or 3 months.
  If Organized 6 doesn't decide to do it on their own, they will find a substitute PERSON8 and PERSON5 will work together to create a task description for the Demonstrator.
 -PERSON5 and PERSON8 will be out of office until Monday, so they will have a chance to add the content on Monday.
 -PERSON8 will be offline and not available for the next 3 days, so she wants to get the work package 6 together with the integration with the unified platform.
 -PERSON8, PERSON12, PERSON5 and PERSON22 discusseded the organization's role in the integration work package.
  Organization 11 should be involved in the task 6.
  They are responsible for the dissemination work package for the Organization 3 Congress.
  He wants to run a workshop on NLP technologies at the Congress and collect user feedback.
 -PERSON8 proposed to organize a conference for technical people interested in GoToMeeting.
  They will take part in the preparations for the workshop.
  She will be checking whether she can personally present at the conference.
  They want to be involved in the preparation in the presents and and also in the reporting.
  She would like to see some structure in the timing of the tasks.
 -PERSON16 and PERSON22 have a lot of tasks to do.
  One of them is to create a website.
  The other is to prepare annual reports on the dissemination.
  They will focus only on the platform.
 -PERSON8 will send a poll for a call next week and send an e-mail to PERSON12 to learn where they can synchronize on the integration, work package.


Minuted by: Team ABC