DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON12 is recording a call with Organization 4 for the upcoming PROJECT1 call.
  Organization 4 is putting together a videom on that session.
  Organization4 wants to share some photos from the trade fair with PERSON12.
 -PERSON12 and PERSON6 need to prepare a detailed description for both the workshop and the ORGANIZATION8 Congress.
  They need to specify the audio mixer and video mixer, the set up of the main presentation, and the plenary conferences.
  They also need to describe the PERSON10, PERSON6, PERSON9 and PERSON12 will record digital audio for both listening and listening during the ASR.
  The microphones will be connected to the mean audio mixer and to the interpreters booth.
 -PERSON9, PERSON12 and PERSON2 will a conference.
  There will be five plus Czech interpreters.
  They need the microphone signal from both the main microphone and ofm the interpreters booths.
  If the speaker speaks English, they will have to run English AS PERSON12, PERSON9 and PERSON6 are looking for a company to work on their project.
  The company will be contacted in two months from now.
  They need to choose a solution by Friday.
  The more expensive option is Dante, but it's more expensive.
 -PERSON12, PERSON2 and PERSON9 will use Dante for their project.
  They will need one notebook per language and two internet cards per notebook.
  They need to keep the audio data and the network traffic separate.
 -PERSON12 will redraw the drawing so that PROJECT1 notebook is correct.
 -PERSON12, PERSON9 and PERSON6 worked on the presentation platforms.
  They need to have the clients the end user devices connected to the same session ID, different sessions, and they need to switch various ehm translations to them based on what what is available.
  They PERSON12, PERSON2 and PERSON6 discusseded the rules for the interpreter's booth.
  The interpreters should speak only one language.
  There will be more microphones at the main stage than just one.
  They need more room around the booths and they need to use the windows PERSON9, PERSON12 and PERSON2 will have a different presentation platform for June.
  For June they need to have the multiple targets for languages and one direct microphone output from each of the translation booths for English, Czech and German.
 -PERSON12 wants to know by mid week or on Friday at the latest what digital audio should be specified in the documentation.
 -PERSON6 asks for the specification of the microphones that are needed on the stage.
 -PERSON12 wants to develop a web-based presentation platform for the upcoming workshop in June.
  The organization needs someone to develop the video mixer and the notebook that will be used to steal slides and stream them to the network.
  It's a little bit more complicated than the previous one, because there are more details to be worked out.
  The project is based on ORGANIZATION5's own ASR, but it needs all of the customization for the ORGAN PERSON12 will send the python binding to the mCloud.
  She will send it to PERSON7 and they will double check the binding.
  They need all notebooks to be connected to the same hardware network via ethernet.
  There is only one English channel for June.


Minuted by: Team ABC