DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  Kickoff meeting is on fifteenth of January , it is Tuesday.
 -PERSON13 wants to make final decision whether meet in person with ORGANIZATION15 , company organizes conferences.
 -PERSON13 wants to meet with ORGANIZATION15 in person to discuss to partition space, reduce competition between business, technological aspects of PROJECT1.
 -PERSON13 wants to organize meeting with ORGANIZATION15 around Kickoff meeting on Monday morning on Wednesday afternoon.
 -PERSON13 wants to put logos of partners on web, put them in various formats can start using them in presentations PDFs create, on.
  important thing for today is Grant agreements signing.
  company is new to project, management team wants to manage everything in right manner.
  will sign Grant agreement , Consortium agreement, next step is contract.
 -PERSON2 , PERSON13 , PERSON4, PERSON10 anxious Grant agreement signing.
  Organization 13 has successfully participated in one project.
  Organization 10 wants to double check forms A, B valid.
 -PERSON13 wants Grant agreement, Consortium agreement to signed by everyone within December.
 -PERSON13 is working on new bilateral contact contract between Organization 3, Organization Organization.
  Organization 3 is not signing Consortium agreement.
  Organization Organization 3 will get access to results, test them in meetings, congress.
  There two versions of Consortium agreement.
  There is one version for affiliated entities, one for partially participating entities.
  Organization 3 will have royaltyfree access to results of project , to translation systems , minuting tools , whatever , project lifetime, fair PERSON13 wants to know if is anything wrong with Consortium agreement.
  There edits made by ORGANIZATION5 lawyer on 6th of December.
 -PERSON13 , project administrator , is going to appoint Project Ethics Committee shortly after project start.
  According to Grant agreement , prior notice must given least 45 calendar days publication of results.
  Organization 5 is softening rules on dissemination, changes number of days until one person can complain.
  access rights for partially participating parties in project have changed.
  Access rights for internal research, educational issues shall granted subject to separate written agreement.
  If someone wants to sell machine translation system, link it with speech recognition from ORGANIZATION5 , need partially participating entities granted upon written bilateral agreement , royalty free access to results of project project lifetime, on reasonable conditions after end of project.
  Organization 3 will prepare template of agreement, contributing parties from project will sign document.
  There will paperwork associated with ORGANIZATION3 getting results , wo not changes like bigger ones.
  Consortium agreement is going to signed soon.
  Organizer13 wants Organizer2 to join PreDry Run for technology Students Firms Fair.
 -PERSON5 needs details on protocol with ORGANIZATION13 platform to link OTHER1 MT to platform.
  also needs pointers to toolkits used to train ASR models , need to build ASR model for OTHER1 PERSON5 , PERSON1, PERSON13 planning project to train speech recognition systems.
  do not know what training NT system use.
  need to get information from ORGANIZATION5.
  workshop in year one will take place on premises of PERSON13 wants to improve presentation of materials, subtitles for PreDry Run on March.
  Congress will take place end of May, early June in 2020.
  will held in new building of ORGANIZATION4.
  There will fifty countries represented to two hundred, fifty participants.
  program is divided on one day There will five booths, five interpreters running time for plenary session.
  Organizing3 wants to have fallback solutions for slides, materials.
 -People get slides translated in advance to browse them if everything else fails.
  According to PERSON13 , ORGANIZATION2 could handle file formats.
 -Person5 would like Organization15 to handle it for them.
 -Person13 suggests Organization3 could handle it as well , Organization3 does not have access to file format conversion right.
 -Project1 have PERSON5 wants to finalise Consortium agreement by end of week , have last week Christmas break to do signing.


Minuted by: Team ABC