DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The Kickoff meeting is on the fifteenth of January, it's Tuesday.
 -PERSON13 wants to meet in person with the ORGANIZATION15 company, so that they can discussed how to partition the space and reduce the competition aspect of the competition PERSON13 wants to meet with ORGANIZATION15 to discussed the details of the project.
  She wants to set up a website with the logos of the partners and a dissemination work package.
  The most important thing for today is the Grant agreements signing.
  They will sign the Grant agreement today at 2 p.
  and send an e-mail about it to PERSON10 and PERSON13.
  They need to double check that forms A and B are valid.
 -PERSON13 is preparing a bilateral contact contract between Organization 3 and Organization 13.
  Organization 3 will have royalty free access to the results of the project, to all the translation systems, the minuting tools and fair and reasonable conditions after the project lifetime.
  They, the project administrator, will sign all edits made by ORGANIZATION5's lawyer on the 6th of December.
  They will appoint the Project Ethics Committee.
  According to the grant agreement, prior notice must be given at least 45 calendar days before the publication of own results.
  The access rights for affiliated entities and partially participating parties in the project are limited to a separate written agreement.
  The partially participating entities should be granted upon written bilateral agreement, royalty free access to the results of the project during the project lifetime and on reasonable conditions after the end of project.
 -PERSON13 wants Organization 5 to come to the PreDry Run in March and help her to test the subtitling technology.
  Organization 5 will send her the details of the toolkits that they use to train speech recognition models and how to link them to the ORGANIZ PERSON13 and PERSON10 discusseded the organization's preparations for the PROJECT1 Congress, which will take place at the end of May and early June in 2020.
  There will be fifty countries represented up to two hundred and fifty participants.
  The congress will be held in the new building PERSON13, PERSON14, PERSON5 and PERSON13 discusseded how to handle the translation of slides and materials in case of a power outage and how to deal with the file formats.
 -PERSON5 wants to finalise the Consortium agreement by the end of this week, so that they have the last week before Christmas break to do the signing.


Minuted by: Team ABC