DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The Kickoff meeting is on the fifteenth of January, it's Tuesday.
 -PERSON13 wants to make a final decision about whether they should meet in person with the ORGANIZATION15, the company that organizes their conferences.
  They want to meet with ORGANIZATION15 in person to discussed how to partition the space and reduce the competition between the business and technological aspects of PROJECT1.
  They want to organize the meeting with ORGANIZATION15 around the Kickoff meeting on Monday morning or on Wednesday afternoon.
  They want to put the logos of the partners on the web and put them in various formats so that they can start using them in presentations or PDFs that you create and so on.
  The most important thing for today is the Grant agreements signing.
  The company is new to such a project and the management team wants to manage everything in a right manner.
  They will sign the Grant agreement, the Consortium agreement and the next step is the contract.
 -PERSON2, PERSON13, PERSON4 and PERSON10 are anxious about the Grant agreement signing.
  Organization 13 has successfully participated in one other project.
  Organization 10 wants to double check that the forms A and B are valid.
 -PERSON13 wants the Grant agreement and Consortium agreement to be signed by everyone within December.
  They worked on a new bilateral contact contract between Organization 3 and Organization Organization.
  Organization 3 is not signing the Consortium agreement.
  Organization Organization 3 will get access to their results and test them in their meetings and and the congress.
  There are two versions of the Consortium agreement.
  There is one version for the affiliated entities and one for the partially participating entities.
  Organization 3 will have royaltyfree access to the results of the project, to all the translation systems, the minuting tools, whatever, during the project lifetime and fair PERSON13 wants to know if there is anything wrong with the Consortium agreement.
  There are some edits made by ORGANIZATION5's lawyer on the 6th of December.
 -PERSON13, the project administrator, will appoint the Project Ethics Committee shortly after the project start.
  According to the Grant agreement, prior notice must be given at least 45 calendar days before the publication of own results.
  Organization 5 is softening the rules on dissemination and changes the number of days until one person can complain.
  The access rights for partially participating parties in the project have been changed.
  Access rights for internal research and educational issues shall be granted subject to a separate written agreement.
  If someone wants to sell their machine translation system and link it with the speech recognition from ORGANIZATION5, they need The partially participating entities should be granted upon written bilateral agreement, royalty free access to the results of the project during the project lifetime and on reasonable conditions after the end of project.
  Organization 3 will prepare a template of the agreement and all the contributing parties from the project will sign the same document.
  There will be some paperwork associated with ORGANIZATION3 getting their results, but there won't be any other changes like bigger ones.
  The Consortium agreement will be signed soon.
  Organizer13 wants Organizer2 to join the PreDry Run for their technology at the Students Firms Fair.
 -PERSON5 needs the details on the protocol with the ORGANIZATION13 platform to link OTHER1 MT to the platform.
  He also needs the pointers to the toolkits that are used to train ASR models, because they need to build an ASR model for OTHER1 PERSON5, PERSON1 and PERSON13 are planning a project to train speech recognition systems.
  They don't know what training NT system they should use.
  They need to get more information from ORGANIZATION5.
  The workshop in the year one will take place on the premises of PERSON13 wants to improve the presentation of materials and subtitles for the PreDry Run on March.
  The Congress will take place at the end of May and early June in 2020.
  It will be held in the new building of the ORGANIZATION4.
  There will be fifty countries represented up to two hundred and fifty participants.
  The program is divided so that on one day they are There will be five booths and five interpreters running all the time for the plenary session.
  Organizing3 wants to have some fallback solutions for the slides and materials.
  People should get all the slides translated in advance to browse them if everything else fails.
  According to PERSON13, ORGANIZATION2 could handle the file formats.
 -PERSON5 would like Organization15 to handle it for them.
 -PERSON13 suggests Organization3 could handle it as well, but Organization3 doesn't have access to file format conversion right now.
  Project1 should have PERSON5 wants to finalise the Consortium agreement by the end of this week, so that they have the last week before Christmas break to do the signing.


Minuted by: Team ABC