DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  Kickoff meeting is on fifteenth of January , it is Tuesday.
 -PERSON13 wants to meet in person with ORGANIZATION15 company , can discuss to partition space, reduce competition aspect of competition PERSON13 wants to meet with ORGANIZATION15 to discuss details of project.
  She wants to set website with logos of partners, dissemination work package.
  important thing for today is Grant agreements signing.
  will sign Grant agreement today 2 p.
  and send e-mail it to PERSON10, PERSON13.
  need to double check forms A, B valid.
 -PERSON13 is preparing bilateral contact contract between Organization 3, Organization 13.
  Organization 3 will have royalty free access to results of project , to translation systems , minuting tools, fair, reasonable conditions after project lifetime.
 -PERSON13 , project administrator , is going to sign edits made by ORGANIZATION5 lawyer on 6th of December.
  going to appoint Project Ethics Committee.
  According to grant agreement , prior notice must given least 45 calendar days publication of results.
  access rights for affiliated entities, partially participating parties in project limited to separate written agreement.
  partially participating entities granted upon written bilateral agreement , royalty free access to results of project project lifetime, on reasonable conditions after end of project.
 -PERSON13 wants Organization 5 to come to PreDry Run in March, help to test subtitling technology.
  Organization 5 will send details of toolkits use to train speech recognition models, to link them to ORGANIZ PERSON13, PERSON10 discussing organization preparations for PROJECT1 Congress , will take place end of May, early June in 2020.
  There will fifty countries represented to two hundred, fifty participants.
  congress will held in new building PERSON13 , PERSON14 , PERSON5, PERSON13 discussing to handle translation of slides, materials in case of power outage, to deal with file formats.
 -PERSON5 wants to finalise Consortium agreement by end of week , have last week Christmas break to do signing.


Minuted by: Team ABC