DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON13 wants to record the Kickoff meeting.
  The date is the fifteenth of January, it's Tuesday.
  They are undecided about whether they should meet in person with the ORGANIZATION15 company that has developed a solution for automatic PERSON13 suggests to organize a meeting with ORGANIZATION15 to discussed how to partition the space and reduce the competition aspect of the space between the models that they created and the ones that Organization 6 develops.
  They will put the logos of the partners on the website and send them to the rest of the organization as soon as they sign the Grant agreements.
  The deadline for the signing is the 30th of March.
 -PERSON2, Organization 13 and Organization 10 are anxious about signing the Grant agreement.
  Organization 13 has successfully participated in one other project.
  Organization 10 and Organization 13 need to double check that forms A and B are valid.
 -PERSON13 wants the Grant agreement and Consortium agreement to be signed by everyone tonight.
  The Consortium agreement is at the top of the document and is intended for further commenting.
  Organizing 3 is preparing a bilateral contact contract between them and the consortium.
  The official status of ORGANIZATION3 as an affiliated entity is not legaly appropriate.
  The access rights for partially participating entities in the Consortium agreement have been changed.
  Organization 3 will have royalty-free access to the results of the project.
 -PERSON13, PERSON11, PERSON10, PERSON7 and PERSON13 discusseded changes to the Consortium agreement.
  They will sign the document and send it to the Project Ethics Committee.
  They asks Organization 5 to look for candidates outside of the project to help them.
  Organization 5 has some changes related to the dissemination of own results.
  The access rights for the partially participating parties in the project are as follows:.
  Access rights for internal research and educational issues shall be granted for Subject to a separate written agreement and royalty free access to the results of the project during the project lifetime and There will be some paperwork associated with ORGANIZATION3 getting their results.
  They don't have the forms for the agreement prepared yet, but they will prepare it later on as the project runs.
  There will be bilateral agreements between Organisations3 and all the contributing parties from the project PERSON13 is happy with the progress of the browsing.
  There are a few more items on the agenda and they are not to critical anymore.
 -PERSON13 wants to have the Consortium agreement signed by everyone.
 -PERSON5 wants to test the subtitling technology at the Students Firms Fair PERSON13 wants to know what tool kit Organization 5 uses for speech recognition.
  KIT tool kit, but it's not good for online speech translation.
  Organization 3 is planning a workshop in the year one will take place on the premises of Organization PERSON13 asked PERSON10 if she could create the calendar for PROJECT1 events in general and enter all the details.
  The organiser of the ORGANIZATION7 Congress will take place at the end of May and early June in 2020.
  There will be There will be five booths and five interpreters running all the time for the plenary session.
  People should get all the slides translated in advance to be able to browse them if everything else fails.
  Organizing3 wants to have some fallback solutions, because the quality of the translation has PERSON5 wants Organization 15 to take care of file format conversion for them.
  Organization 15 also wants to try the Congress, so some of the days could be covered by the ORGANIZATION15 technology and some by the PROJECT1 technology.
  There should be a booth for PRO.


Minuted by: Team ABC