DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON14, a member of the Organizing Committee, is sending a document with information about the work they have done.
  They have successfully delivered the delivery rules that they were expected to deliver.
  They also recorded a short movie and will post it.
  They were at the fair of student PERSON14 will a workshop in June.
  There will be a work package on the spoken language translation that ORGANIZATION8 is overseeing.
  There is a paper accepted to tackle it.
  There's a micro review of minuting and a speech test on the little speech corpus PERSON9 and PERSON14 worked on a recording system.
  The system works in principle, but it's not reliable or reliably.
  There are some limitations related to the number of workers processing the audio stream.
 -PERSON9 explains to PERSON14 and PERSON10 how to handle multiple concurent stream.
 -PERSON14 needs to set up the recording workers to record the PROJECT6 call in the ORGANIZATION9 platform.
  The recording is more important for the milestone, the recording than the ASR.
  They want to have the deliverables written by the end of May so that the internal review can start a month earlier.
  They and PERSON21 are talking about their work on spoken language translation.
  They worked on multilingual multitarget training systems for Organizing 7 Congress.
  The full integration is due at the end of November.
  They want to have the baseline systems trained for 43 languages.
 -PERSON14, PERSON21 and other people will have a workshop at the end of June.
  They want to have automated daily tests of everything.
  They will create private repositories for the PROJECT6 organization.
  They want to make sure the presentation platform is easily usable and it allows selection of subtitles.
  He wants to implement slides grabbing and streaming of slides.
  He will let Organizing8 and Organization9 know later on how the negotiations go in terms of ASR that they will need for PERSON19, PERSON20, PERSON10, PERSON21, PERSON2 and PERSON8 will collect time sheets for periodic reports.
  They need to record the amount of time spent on work package and also the task.
 -PERSON19 will write to the specific person she's missing the timesheet, ehm, the concent form from.
  She will do it around the end of May.


Minuted by: Team ABC