DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON14 is sending a document with information about the work of Organization 4 and Organization 9.
  They have successfully delivered the delivery rules and they have a website with information on ethics and the website on the internal website.
  They were at a conference of the interpreters director general, the G PERSON14 wants to know the status of the project PROJECT4.
  There is a paper accepted to tackle the issue of value added tax, but it's too important for the official report.
  There's a delay on recording in the platform, but the system works PERSON9 and PERSON14 worked on a project.
  They need more workers to process audio at the same time in order to scale up the services and have more simultaneous channels.
 -PERSON14 wants to set up the PROJECT6 call in the ORGANIZATION9 platform and have the separate channels recorded.
  The recording is important for the milestone, the recording than the ASR.
  They and PERSON15 discussed the upcoming deliverables.
  They discussed the data management plan, the first language translation prototype, the WMT training data, the periodic activity in finance reports and the ethics.
 -PERSON14 and PERSON21 are organizing a workshop.
  They want to have as many target languages as they can for testing purposes.
  They need to create private repositories for the PROJECT6 organization.
  They also need to integrate with the ORGANIZATION1 platform.
 -PERSON14 is responsible for developing a presentation platform for the project.
  The presentation platform needs to be easily usable and it has to provide some user integration of the selected subtitles.
  The interpreter should be able to select the language from the English spoken at the workshop and translate it into another language PERSON10, PERSON19 and PERSON8 need to record the amount of time spent on work package and the task.
 -PERSON2 needs the data protection from all of you.


Minuted by: Team ABC