DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  number of beds in high intensive care is going slightly , nobody knows if it is of lockdown of activities.
  project needs data for minuting, as discussed with project , PERSON1 , from Organization 9 , is recording meeting.
  Organization 4 , Organization 7 , Organization 10 , Organization 11 , Organization 12 , Organization 13 , Organization 14 , Organization 15 , Organization 17, Organization 25 taking part.
  Organization 9 wants to close Covid extension application.
 -PERSON1 wants to collect final training data for languages.
  Organization 7 is coordinating work package one.
 -Person1 wants Organization 7 to find reviewers right away.
 -PERSON1, another colleague from another project want to make new version of Czech Parliament speech data end of year.
 -PERSON15 worked on ESIC ORGANIZATION1 simultaneous interpretation corpus , it will not ready end of year.
  transcriptions automatic , organiser changed policy, longer transcribing verbatim.
  min PERSON1 wants data for meeting summarization to published end of year.
  long text transcript, abbreviated version of.
 -PERSON11 , PERSON18 , PERSON15 , PERSON11 working on summarization data, PERSON15 is PERSON1 , PERSON9 , PERSON12, PERSON25 working on report on ORGANIZATION3 congress.
  There is section for Organization 10 describing what updates done to platform, it connects to infrastructure.
 -PERSON1 , Organization 9 , Organization 10 , Organization 15 , Organization 17 , Organization 18 , Organization 25, Organization 15 responsible for review of six deliverables.
  need to have first draft of text for reviewer ready by December sixth.
  deadline for PERSON1, PERSON15 going to focus on Czech , English, German.
  want to extend to languages as soon as can.
  need to improve spoken language translation prototype, results of components of system.
  will have meeting PERSON1, PERSON15 working on project.
  system prepared by PERSON3 he leaving , it not tested many times.
  There many practical tests , is still lot of work to done PERSON1 is writing email to invite two colleagues of to join call.
  There is silent dry run for metaforum.
  last version of EASL not complete.
  transcripts PERSON1 will apply for shared task on by end of November.
  data for participants latest in March.
 -PERSON1 is looking for people can do summarization, evaluation of data.
 -PERSON1 gives brief overview of work of team on minuting.
  have to have regular calls every day one o'clock in afternoon.
  spread across multiple time zones.
  There is obligation to do it every day , team is distributed PERSON1 is minuting demonstrator strategy.
  Organizing10 is working on user interface for project.
 -PERSON12 wants to invite of annotators experienced in transcribing to next remote call.
 -PERSON17 , PERSON1 , PERSON15, PERSON22 looking for substitute events for offline facetoface meeting will take place in mid April.
  Organizer Organization 10 has links to companies institutions can organize offline facetsoface meetings.
 -PERSON12 confirms PERSON1 wants to anonymize data of consortium.
  first consent is needed to process data.
  Before publishing anonymized version , people will have to give permission to publish it.
  second consent will needed to publish unanonymized PERSON1 wants to organize technical call to discuss to version , to label systems, to create new versions of systems.
  wants to prepare poll, send it to PROJECT2 ORGANIZATION11.
 -PERSON1 asks PERSON15, PERSON25 to prepare highlevel overview of project.
 -PERSON1 wants to have web page with list of systems available in Organization platform.
  web page would automatically updated by PERSON1 , with full support.


Minuted by: Team ABC