DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The number of beds in the high intensive care is going down slightly, but nobody knows if it's because of lockdown or because of other activities.
  The project needs data for minuting and as discusseded with other project, they PERSON1, from Organization 9, is recording the meeting.
  Organization 4, Organization 7, Organization 10, Organization 11, Organization 12, Organization 13, Organization 14, Organization 15, Organization 17 and Organization 25 are taking part.
  Organization 9 wants to close the Covid extension application.
 -PERSON1 wants to collect final training data for all the languages.
  Organization 7 is coordinating the work package one.
 -PERSON1 wants Organization 7 to find reviewers right away.
 -PERSON1 and another colleague from another project want to make a new version of the Czech Parliament speech data before the end of the year.
 -PERSON15 worked on the ESIC ORGANIZATION1 simultaneous interpretation corpus, but it will not be ready before the end of the year.
  The transcriptions are only automatic, because the organiser changed the policy and they are no longer transcribing verbatim.
  The min PERSON1 wants the data for meeting summarization to be published before the end of the year.
  It's the long text transcript and the abbreviated version of that.
 -PERSON11, PERSON18, PERSON15, and PERSON11 worked on the summarization data and PERSON15 is PERSON1, PERSON9, PERSON12 and PERSON25 worked on the report on the ORGANIZATION3 congress.
  There is a section for Organization 10 describing what updates were done to the platform and how it connects to the infrastructure.
 -PERSON1, Organization 9, Organization 10, Organization 15, Organization 17, Organization 18, Organization 25 and Organization 15 are responsible for the review of the six deliverables.
  They need to have the first draft of the text for the reviewer ready by December the sixth.
  The deadline for PERSON1 and PERSON15 will focus on Czech, English and and German.
  They want to extend this to other languages as soon as they can.
  They need to improve the spoken language translation prototype and the results of all the components of the system.
  They will have a meeting PERSON1 and PERSON15 worked on a project.
  The system was prepared by PERSON3 before he was leaving, but it was not tested many times.
  There are many practical tests, but there is still a lot of work to be done PERSON1 is writing an email to invite two colleagues of hers to join the call.
  There is a silent dry run for metaforum.
  The last version of EASL was not complete.
  The transcripts are PERSON1 will apply for the shared task on this by the end of November.
  The data should be out for participants at the latest in March.
 -PERSON1 is looking for people who can do the summarization and the evaluation of the data.
 -PERSON1 gives a brief overview of the work of the team on minuting.
  They have to have regular calls every day at one o'clock in the afternoon.
  They are spread across multiple time zones.
  There is no obligation to do it every day, because the team is distributed PERSON1 is the minuting demonstrator through the strategy.
  Organizing10 worked on the user interface for this project.
 -PERSON12 wants to invite some of his annotators who are experienced in transcribing to their next remote call.
 -PERSON17, PERSON1, PERSON15 and PERSON22 are looking for substitute events for the offline facetoface meeting that will take place in mid April.
  Organizer Organization 10 has links to some companies or institutions that can organize offline facetsoface meetings.
 -PERSON12 confirms that they PERSON1 wants to anonymize the data of the consortium.
  The first consent is needed to process the data.
  Before publishing the anonymized version, the same people will have to give the permission to publish it again.
  The second consent will be needed to publish the unanonymized PERSON1 wants to organize a technical call to discussed how to version, how to label the systems and how to create new versions of their systems.
  He wants to prepare a poll and send it to PROJECT2 at ORGANIZATION11.
 -PERSON1 asks PERSON15 and PERSON25 to prepare the highlevel overview of the project.
 -PERSON1 wants to have a web page with a list of the systems that are available in the Organization's platform.
  The web page would be automatically updated by PERSON1, with the full support.


Minuted by: Team ABC