DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON7 and PERSON9 have been connected for the last few minutes.
  There is a power outage in the server room.
  It will take all day today and tomorrow to fix it.
  There are no ASR workers, so PERSON10 is in communication with them right now.
  In the worst case scenario, they will give a demo with only Czech ASR and PERSON7, PERSON14, PERSON15 and PERSON8 want to postpone the demo.
  They need to have a backup plan for one or two sides going out of power.
  The construction will continue for another year.
 -PERSON7 and PERSON9 are experiencing serious network failures due to the construction of a new building for their department.
  There is also a risk of a power outage 2 weeks from now.
  It is not possible for Organization 6 to get a second server room and they cannot duplicate their server infrastructure PERSON4 spent a week trying to start the segmentor, but it failed during installation.
  Organization 4 has a start alone machine dedicated only for segmentor.
 -PERSON4 sent a zip file with a docr image to Organization 4, but Organization 4 doesn't have it.
 -PERSON14 PERSON14 wants to run a test with PERSON4 the Czechs demo.
  People connecting to the demo will have to wait for 5 seconds for the logo to be displayed and then they have to refresh and refresh the page on the publication platform.
 -PERSON8 needs to edit a single static image to make a video.
  It takes 50 minutes to run the video.
  There is no way to share the video and code it right so PERSON4's servers have to run it.
  The operating system they tested the image on was Ubuntu 18 There is a firewall in front of the virtual machine.
 -PERSON4 will connect to PERSON3 and help him with fixing with MT wrapper.
 -PERSON14 is sending PERSON9 and PERSON4 3 machines with static addresses from which they will be mostly connecting.
  The current problem with MT wrapper is MT cash.
 -PERSON13 has been training models for each of the 7 source languages the ASR source languages.
  The models have a single model for all the 7 inputs and 43 targets, each of which has a single source language and translate into roughly 40 target languages.
 -PERSON7 and PERSON13 are waiting for the segmentor.
  The older models are still available as workers, but they're not running.
  They don't have any GPUs at the moment, so they can't test them live.
  They can't translate files with the older models just for PERSON7, PERSON13, PERSON14 and PERSON9 are trying to access a virtual machine that has been deployed in the PROJECT2 production infrastructure.
  It allows SSH access to everyone with the same password.
  The German model was running PERSON3 fixed the pipeline.
  The second test she did was using the old model and the third one using the new model.
  The ASR segmentation workers are not accessible at the moment.
  The electrician will call PERSON10 at 1 to repair the PERSON9 worked on getting the segmentor running on the virtual machine that PERSON14 provided.
 -PERSON4 is updating the ORGANIZATION7 document on how to set up the thing.
  They want to share his screen with other people, because he has a problem with his ORGANIZATION9 client.
  The preprocessing script expects the original MP4 video from Youtube, but it takes 5 seconds of the logo before that.
 -PERSON4, PERSON8 and PERSON7 worked on a video.
  The video started on auto in autoplay for PERSON4.
  Some browsers play the video upfront, others play it upfront and some browsers don't.
  There is a 5-second delay at the beginning PERSON7, PERSON8, PERSON9 and PERSON4 lost each other.
  There was a network disruption and the whole Organization 1 network stopped working.
  When the demo is not active, the playlist will have a loop showing only the static image of the logo and instruction which are saying " PERSON7, PERSON4, PERSON9 and PERSON14 are trying to connect to the server rooms in LOCATION1, but they don't have the entry points to them.
  Project 2 is now sponzored by ORGANIZATION5 AWS.
  The network administrators are reconfig On Tuesday night when they were running the 10 machines or 20 machines in the lab, whenever they connected a new machine, all they needed to do was to open a web page on the PROJECT2 platform, click play and click like live, which is clicking the last bit of the PERSON14, PERSON8 and PERSON4 worked on a video.
  The video is in the same folder as the script, but the script is running from the wrong folder.
  The file is a temporary video, so it won't be PERSON8 has a copy of the file.
 -PERSON4 will download it and run the old set up.
  The video stopped playing 10 seconds before the subtitles.
 -PERSON14, PERSON4 and PERSON7 are complaining about the quality of the ASR.
 -PERSON7, PERSON4 and PERSON9 worked on Project 2.
  They are trying to make videos in 48000 audio for PERSON4.
 -PERSON4 can now play like stream the video, but they need to figure out how to send it at the same time to the PROJECT2 platform.
 -PERSON7 will come over to PERSON4 to help.
  The FFM peg command that PERSON7 uses to create the times the short snippets of the of the video doesn't keep the locks.
  The raw audio file sent to EB client is a valid PCM file.
  The audio features are the only ones the ORGANIZATION4 architecture is There is a problem with Linux buffering on the pipe.
  The quality of the video is too high, so it's not possible to fix it.
  There is a delay due to the quality of the video.
  When EB client starts, there's the end shake phase with mediator and this probably is introducing the delay.
  The EB client should be started all the time and it should be listening to the sound output of the machine.
 -PERSON7 tried to play it with A play minus F S 16 underscore LE and it was playing very slowly.
  There was a mismatch in the in the sampling rate.
  The file with STD out is the correct file.
 -PERSON14 will help PERSON4 with the set up of the segmentation worker on the virtual machine.
  The build for the docr container succeeded.
 -PERSON9 will send them an email with the status of the electricity and the segmentation worker.
  They needs to paste the FF the FF play command somewhere on the ORGANIZATION7 doc.


Minuted by: Team ABC