DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6, PERSON2 and PERSON3 are recording a minuting exercise for the project.
  The project manager explains the status of the ground agreement and the consortium agreement.
  The deadline for the ground agreements is December 18th.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5 and PERSON8 have read the draft of the consortium agreement.
  The main purpose of the agreement is to commit everybody to provide the resources needed for the project.
  It also talks about the running of the project, how often the partners meet, and how PERSON3 confirms that there will be no formal procedures in place until the end of the year.
  There will be a bilateral agreement between the ORGANIZATION3 and ORIZATION2.
  If they sign it, they will be entitled to use the technologies developed here for the purposes The consortium agreement cannot be finalised until the decision is known.
  If ORGANIZATION2 is signing the consortium agreement, the bilateral agreements between Organisations3 and Organization2 will be prepared independently of this.
  If Organisations9 and Organization7 are not signing the bilateral agreement, it PERSON3 and PERSON5 are going over the consortium agreement.
  They need to discussed the various comments and options that they preselected in the agreement.
 -PERSON3 will accept the comment right away.
  Organization 7 GmbH will have formal meetings at least once a year and remotely every six months.
  Organization 10 will try to keep the formal meetings to their minimum.
  They are the coordinator of the project.
  The General Assembly is the body that has every partner represented by one person and one voice in that.
  The user and advisory board will have their meetings with the coordinator at least once a year.
  People from Organization 1, Organization 2 and Organization PERSON5 is confused about the role of ORGANIZATION6 in the advisory board.
 -PERSON3 is going for the IUS1 project.
  The user advisory board is the formal body of the project.
  There is a data protection officer who will come to full position at the beginning of November and a Project Ethics Committee, which will have three or five members from outside the PERSON3 needs someone with experience in ethics and data collection and handling human participants to validate all the procedures.
  In the consortium agreement, the parties agree on the background of the project, the dissemination, cooperation, and the ownership of the results.
  Every partner in the PROJECT project needs to specify what they are bringing into the project by the end of this week or in a week.
  Everyone should send their background descriptions for the project to PERSON3 during this week.
 -PERSON3 and PERSON2 will choose option one instead of option two, because they do not understand the differences between them.
 -PERSON3, the mediator, and PERSON5, the other member of the group, discusseded the issue of the 45-day deadline for the publication of scientific papers.
 -PERSON3, PERSON5, PERSON7 and PERSON8 will do a project Kickoff.
  The date and location will be LOCATION3, early January, between 10th and 23rd.
  They will send the doto polls soon and book the dates for the poll.
  People should talk to their legal people about the consortium agreement.


Minuted by: Team ABC