DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON6 , Person2, Person3 recording minuting exercise for project.
  project manager explains status of ground agreement, consortium agreement.
  deadline for ground agreements is December 18th.
 -PERSON3 , PERSON5, PERSON8 have read draft of consortium agreement.
  main purpose of agreement is to commit everybody to provide resources needed for project.
  also talks running of project , often partners meet , PERSON3 confirms will formal procedures in place until end of year.
  There will bilateral agreement between ORGANIZATION3, ORIZATION2.
  If sign it , will entitled to use technologies developed for purposes consortium agreement can not finalised until decision is known.
  If ORGANIZATION2 is signing consortium agreement , bilateral agreements between Organisations3, Organization2 will prepared independently of.
  If Organisations9, Organization7 not signing bilateral agreement , it PERSON3, PERSON5 going over consortium agreement.
  need to discuss various comments, options preselected in agreement.
 -PERSON3 will accept comment right away.
  Organization 7 GmbH will have formal meetings least year, remotely every six months.
  Organization 10 will try to keep formal meetings to minimum.
 -PERSON3 is coordinator of project.
  General Assembly is body has every partner represented by one person, one voice in.
  user, advisory board will have meetings with coordinator least year.
 -People from Organization 1 , Organization 2, Organization PERSON5 is confused role of ORGANIZATION6 in advisory board.
 -PERSON3 is going for IUS1 project.
  user advisory board is formal body of project.
  There is data protection officer will come to full position beginning of November, Project Ethics Committee , will have three five members from outside PERSON3 needs someone with experience in ethics, data collection, handling human participants to validate procedures.
  In consortium agreement , parties agree on background of project , dissemination , cooperation , ownership of results.
  Every partner in PROJECT project needs to specify what bringing into project by end of week in week.
  Everyone send background descriptions for project to PERSON3 week.
 -PERSON3, PERSON2 going to choose option one instead of option two , do not understand differences between them.
 -PERSON3 , mediator , PERSON5 , member of group , discussing issue of 45-day deadline for publication of scientific papers.
 -PERSON3 , PERSON5 , PERSON7, PERSON8 going to do project Kickoff.
  date, location will LOCATION3 , early January , between 10th, 23rd.
  will send doto polls soon, book dates for poll.
 -People talk to legal people consortium agreement.


Minuted by: Team ABC