DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  The recording of the session will be recorded and used as a test case for the minuting exercise.
  The consortium agreement is signed by all the partners, but not the funding party.
  The deadline for the ground agreement is December 18th.
 -PERSON5 hasn't seen anything controversial about the consortium agreement.
  The legal people have to approve it before it would be signed.
  They will prepare a memorandum and a small agreement that will talk about the data.
  Organization 2 will be entitled to The consortium agreement cannot be finalised until the decision is known.
  If ORGANIZATION2 is signing the consortium agreement, then the bilateral agreements between Organization3 and Organization2 will be prepared independently of this.
  If Organization3 is not signing the bilateral agreement, the agreement will be cleaned up and PERSON3 and ORGANIZATION2 will make sure their legal people agree in a week from now to sign CA or to go for the bilateral a a agreements.
  They need to discussed the various comments and options that they preselected in the consortium agreement.
  Organization 7 GmbH PERSON3 is the coordinator of the Project Coordination Committee.
  The General Assembly has every partner represented by one person and one voice.
  The user and advisory board will have their meetings with the coordinator at least once a year.
  People from the Interpreting Department will serve on the advisory PERSON3 and PERSON5 are looking for people who are interested in running multilingual meetings as part of Project 3's user advisory board.
  The ethics committee will validate the procedures that the project will propose.
  The assistant of PERSON3 worked on the on the wardings of the consens that people will be signing either by clicking a button or when the meeting happens in person or at the site.
  Every partner in the PROJECT project needs to specify what they are bringing into the project for the benefit of the project.
  According to the agreement, the access rights to results for exploitation of a party's own results should be granted on a royalty free basis.
  If a party needs to present their machine translation system, they should be able to do it on a non-refundable basis.
 -PERSON3 will ask her legal people if she should choose LOCATION1 or LOCATION2 as the preferred option.
 -PERSON5 is happy to circulate a copy of a paper as it is submitted.
  The deadline is 45 days from the submittion deadline, before publication.
  The consortium agreement needs to be signed by all partners by the end of the week.
  The date and location of the Kickoff.


Minuted by: Team ABC