DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-

  recording of session will recorded, used as test case for minuting exercise.
  consortium agreement is signed by partners , not funding party.
  deadline for ground agreement is December 18th.
 -PERSON5 has not seen anything controversial consortium agreement.
  legal people have to approve it it would signed.
  will prepare memorandum, small agreement will talk data.
  Organization 2 will entitled to consortium agreement can not finalised until decision is known.
  If ORGANIZATION2 is signing consortium agreement , bilateral agreements between Organization3, Organization2 will prepared independently of.
  If Organization3 is not signing bilateral agreement , agreement will cleaned, PERSON3, ORGANIZATION2 will make sure legal people agree in week from to sign CA to go for bilateral agreements.
  need to discuss various comments, options preselected in consortium agreement.
  Organization 7 GmbH PERSON3 is coordinator of Project Coordination Committee.
  General Assembly has every partner represented by one person, one voice.
  user, advisory board will have meetings with coordinator least year.
 -People from Interpreting Department will serve on advisory PERSON3, PERSON5 looking for people interested in running multilingual meetings as part of Project 3 user advisory board.
  ethics committee is going to validate procedures project will propose.
  assistant of PERSON3 is working on on wardings of consens people will signing either by clicking button when meeting happens in person site.
  Every partner in PROJECT project needs to specify what bringing into project for benefit of project.
  According to agreement , access rights to results for exploitation of party results granted on royalty free basis.
  If party needs to present machine translation system , able to do it on non-refundable basis.
 -PERSON3 is going to ask legal people if choose LOCATION1 LOCATION2 as preferred option.
 -PERSON5 is happy to circulate copy of paper as it is submitted.
  deadline is 45 days from submittion deadline , publication.
  consortium agreement needs to signed by partners by end of week.
  date, location of Kickoff.


Minuted by: Team ABC