DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON1, PERSON13, PERSON11, PERSON9, PERSON14, PERSON17 and PERSON17 are trying to talk on the chat.
  People can't hear them, but they can see the transcription in English.
  One of the developers wants to participate today PERSON17 is trying to set up an account to connect to the room through her account, but she doesn't know how to do it.
  The session is being recorded for the purposes of minuting work package so if you don't agree, you need to say so now.
  There will be a pre review meeting between September 23 and October 4th.
  There will be remote meeting with the project officer on the call.
 -PERSON17 and PERSON7 worked hard preparing the financial data for the workshop for ORGANIZATION1.
  There was a mistake in the dates and the workshop is taking place on Thursday and Friday instead of Wednesday and Thursday.
  They are happy with the progress of the project.
  He reminds technical partners to work on the fingerprints map.
 -PERSON17 would like to present PROJECT3 as a running project at the big data value Association summit in Riga.
  There is a match language processing workshop as part of this summit, and the program of this workshop is still in preparation.
  There are several invitations to present the project The European Commission regularly talks to various lobbistic organizations.
  If you are part of these discussededions, you are partly shaping the calls.
 -PERSON17, PERSON12, PERSON13 and PERSON11 will attend a language processing workshop on the topic of big data.
  They are organizing a workshop in Riga.
  Organizer 13 will talk to Organization 5 on whether someone from Organization 4 will come to the workshop.
  Organization 7 created a doodle for their review meetings.
 -PERSON17, PERSON5, PERSON11 and PERSON14 worked on a project.
  The recording is ready, but the spoken language translation prototype is not.
 -PERSON11 has a miltilingual system that covers all the languages source and all the target languages, but it doesn't perform PERSON17 wants to work on some evolution of the model.
 -PERSON5 wants to do some fine tuning.
  They want to share the data they are using and the models they've trained.
 -PERSON17 wants to hire a student as a summer intern to work on his project.
  The project is in good shape, but there are still some issues with the user interface.
  They worked on the czech ASR all the time and by the end of September they should be much better state than they are now.
  German, English, French, Spanish and Russian are covered.
 -PERSON17 wants to know if they need to cover French, Spanish, Italian and Russian as well as ASR and machine translation quality.
  They, PERSON5, PERSON13, and PERSON8 worked on the training data separating confidential and public version.
  They will have it ready for internal review by the end of next week.
  The periodic activity and financial report is deliveral number D eight point one.
  It was delivered in the PROJECT4 system, but it was frozen.
  The deliverable will be moved to around month 18 for the mid project review.
 -PERSON17 wants to collect data gathered for the project officer for the September prereview meeting.
  If they don't get the approval from the European Commission, they will have to collect the data during the summer.
 -PERSON13 and PERSON7 copied a template from an official website to prepare a confidential data management plan for PROJECT1.
  They asks the work package leaders to make sure that relevant data for the work packages are mentioned in one way or another in the document 1.
  There is a difference between the data that has already been collected and processed and the ones that will be processed later.
  They and PERSON17 are responsible for the deliverable.
  They want every work package leader to specify what types of data they need and where they will get it.
  They don't want to create too much data.
 -PERSON17, PERSON1, PERSON14, PERSON7, PERSON9 and PERSON12 worked on the project.
  They have the agreement from the organiser, the deliverable on ethics, the data that will be needed for the prereview and the estimated number of people working on PERSON17, PERSON5, PERSON9 and PERSON12 will attend a workshop in less than two weeks.


Minuted by: Team ABC