DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON3 and PERSON8 are meeting before the submission of the deliverables.
  They want to make sure that everyone has their names set from a previous call.
 -PERSON8 was not the main person behind the ASR systems.
  It was PERSON9 and PERSON19 who were mainly responsible for it.
  It's been reviewed and it's been completed.
  There's a problem with the delivery of the periodic reports.
  One of the deliverables was postponed PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON11 and PERSON16 agree that they should have a periodic report ready by the end of July, even if they are late according to the to the SIGMA.
  The review date is 8th of September.
  The deliverable on spoken language translation system PERSON16 and PERSON11 were asked some questions about the normalization.
 -PERSON8 and PERSON9 were asked about evaluation figures, but they don't have such figures, so they have to take a look at the deliverable first.
 -PERSON3 asked PERSON10 to write a summary of PERSON10 will summarize the 4 attached papers.
  The deliverable written by PERSON18 is on the workshop that was prepared, but never ran, at ORGANIZATION2 Congress.
  The text needs to be reviewed by PERSON6.
  They want everyone to check if their Bibtechs worked properly.
  There are plans for the Congress, Tedx, MT marathon, German hackers conference CCC, and a live subtitling of English, scientific presentations into many languages.
 -PERSON3, PERSON8, PERSON5 and PERSON14 want to go to the hacker conference in Leipzig to provide subtitling there.
  Organizer3 will let them know in October if they are invited.
 -PERSON8 can't come to the ORGANIZATION2 Congress between Christmas and New Year's.
 -PERSON15 will be in Germany over the Christmas break.
 -PERSON3 needs someone who will regularly, test the systems before the event.
  They was there, but didn't know about it.
  There is a problem with the information in the continuous reporting table.
  The information about the Tedx e event is not in the deliverable.
 -PERSON3 asks PERSON2 to make a list of events, at the beginning, of nonscientific, dissemination.
  They will finalize it during the review of the project management guide, which was finished just this morning, and by the end of tomorrow, they will send it to PERSON3 will probably send the doodle poll about the dry run on Friday the 4th.
  There will be a review and some meeting with the advisory committee.
  People will have to collect materials for the review, which is a financial stuff.
  They need to write progress reports and Everyone got the preview numbers from the test except for Organization 4, who is still preparing the tables.
  Organization 4 will get the full final numbers after the end of June.
  Organization 3 wants Organization 4 to start finishing the deliverables so that she can submit them in time.


Minuted by: Team ABC