DATE : 2023-04-26
ATTENDEES : PERSON13, PERSON10, PERSON18, PERSON3, PERSON19, PERSON6


SUMMARY-
 -PERSON3, PERSON8 and PERSON19 will meet before the submission of the deliverables.
 -PERSON3 wants to make sure that everyone has their names set from the previous call.
  There are representatives for each partner and for the formal voting.
  They want to go over the deliverables that are due tomorrow evening.
  The first one is supervised, or, was written mainly, or or organized by ORGANIZATION5.
  The second one is written mainly by PERSON8, but it's been reviewed and ready for shipment PERSON16 and PERSON9 were mainly responsible for the work on an initial ASR systems.
  The deliverables did not include some of the work that PERSON19 and PERSON9 have done through the reporting period.
  There is a risk that one of the deliverables will be postponed to month PERSON16, PERSON3 and PERSON11 will have to prepare a periodic report by the end of July.
  The review date is 8th of September.
  The progress report must be ready well before the review.
  People like PERSON19 need to write more work, as they have already put PERSON3 wants to make sure all outstanding questions are resolved today.
  The deliverable, on spoken language translation system, according to the main author, has been reviewed by PERSON12.
 -PERSON8 and PERSON11 don't have evaluation figures.
 -PERSON16 will give them to PERSON3 tomorrow morning.
 -PERSON9 reviewed the deliverable and made some comments.
  They want a summary of the attached papers and a link to the main text.
 -PERSON3 asks PERSON10 to summarize the 4 attached papers, and asks him to illustrate them.
  They want PERSON6 to review the deliverable written by PERSON18 on the workshop that they prepared, but never ran at ORGANIZATION2 Congress.
  They asks everyone to check if their public publications have been added to the list.
  They need to put their Bibtechs into the file called Biblio bib.
  The MT marathon has been postponed to September.
  The main organizer will be in ORGANIZATION7.
  Project 1 wants to do live subtitling of English, scientific presentations into many languages.
  There is a German hacker conference CCC, which is a stress test of the system.
 -PERSON8, PERSON3 and PERSON5 are interested in the Organization 3 Congress.
  They want to have a live translation system.
  Organizing 3 Congress would be bigger than the ORGANIZATION2 Congress.
  There is no chance PERSON8, PERSON5, PERSON3, and PERSON15 will try to get someone who will regularly test the systems before the event.
  One person is still in LOCATION2 and it's difficult to get him over.
  People need to propose outlook on events.
 -PERSON16, PERSON3 and PERSON7 were present at the Tedx e event.
  They were not on the stage, they presented the project to the audience during the breaks of the event and they talked about it with people.
  In the continuous reporting, they don't have to include PERSON3 wants PERSON2 to prepare a complete list of the scientific dissemination activities at the beginning of the section.
 -PERSON2 should also make sure that all the relevant columns from the PROJECT1 continuous reporting table appear there.
 -PERSON3, PERSON2 and PERSON17 are going through the deliverables.
  The last deliverable is the project management guide, which was finished just this morning.
  The review is on Tuesday the 8th of September.
  The manager split the review up and it's in 3 days.
 -PERSON16 is okay with having a full day review and meeting with the advisory committee.
  The dry run should take place on Friday the 4th of August.
  Several people who should be on the advisory board haven't responded to the doodle poll yet, so the 19th of During the summer, PERSON3, PERSON11 and PERSON16 will have to collect materials for the financial review.
  They need to write progress report and prepare the presentations for the review.
  Everyone got the preview numbers from the test except for Organization 4, who is still preparing the tables.
  Organization 4 will get the full final numbers after the end of June.
  Organization 3 wants Organization 4 to start finishing the deliverables so that she can submit them in time.


Minuted by: Team ABC